Only GET requests are allowed, but you don’t need to actually write the bookings to the db, so that is fine.
If you want to: We provide a downloadable version of the backend with POST/PUT/DELETE available here seen (requires installing MySQL.)
Feature Flicks is a small cinema that wants to start competing locally with SF. They have two auditoriums “Lilla Salen” and “Stora Salen” and are located in Småstad in Sweden.

Now they need help building a prototype for a website, where visitors should be able to:

Get information about movies being shown, incl. dates and times.
You should be able to see a list of screenings, sorted by the date they the movies are shown, with each date as a seperate headline (including date and weekday).
For each screening, the date and time of the screening and the title, movie poster and length (in hours and minutes) of the movie should be shown
You should be able to filter this list by category.
When you click on a movie in the list - you should be transfered to the booking page where you can choose your seats.
When you boko your ticket(s) you shall get a ‘receipt’ with the total price, the date and time, all the seat numbers and booking number.
Feature Flicks would like to have a booking system where you can see a graphic view of the auditorium and its seats. You should be able to book a number of adjacent seats during a specific screening of a film.

While booking, you should be able to choose the number of visitors and see the total price. When you complete a booking, you should receive a unique booking number, as well as be able to see which row(s) and seats you have booked.

Note! Seniors (above the age of 65) and children (under the of 12) should have a lower ticket price. The normal ticket price is SEK 110, seniors SEK 85, children SEK 75.

So far, you don’t need to be able to pay online - you pay when you arrive at the cinema and tell the staff your booking number.

The seats are numbered from right to left, front to back. (The chair at the front right has the number 1. If the salon has 100 chairs, the one at the furthest back and to the left has the number 100.)

A finished backend with a REST-api and a MySQL has already been provided by another company, so your role is to create a frontend!

You should integrate the backend in your code! (It’s here - link to come.)

The frontend should be built with:

React

React Router

React Bootstrap - grade 5

You can choose Swedish or English as the site language, but choose ONE (don’t mix them).

Grades and requirements
Grade 3:

Make the list of screenings with sorting and filtering work.
Divide things into several different components.
Write a README-file in which you explain how you have divided into different component and what each component does
Use git and an open repository on GitHub. Turn in the link to your repository in Canvas!
Grade 4:

All the reqiurements for grade 3 and
Make the booking system with displayed seats work.
Grade 5:

All th requirements fro grade 3 and 4 and
You should use React Bootstrap and the site should have a responsive layout and good UX on different screen sizes (phones, tablets and computer screens of different sizes).
Deadline
26th of March, 2023